## New Release

This is a new release to:

* Make internal changes to maintain compatibility with a forthcoming release of
a dependency (RcppAnnoy).
* Make a minor license change: previous versions of uwot were licensed under
GPL-3. This submission changes the license to GPL-3 or later.
* Offer some minor new functionality.

## Test environments

* ubuntu 16.04 (on travis-ci), R 3.6.3, R 4.0.2, R-devel
* ubuntu 16.04 (on rhub), R 3.6.1
* fedora 31 (on rhub), R-devel
* mac OS X High Sierra (on travis-ci), R 3.6.3, R 4.0.3
* local Windows 10 build, R 4.0.3
* Windows Server 2012 (on appveyor) R 4.0.3
* win-builder (devel)

## R CMD check results

There were no ERRORs or WARNINGs.

* For r-hub with Ubuntu Linux 16.04 LTS, R-release, GCC there was one NOTE:

```
* checking installed package size ... NOTE
  installed size is  6.9Mb
  sub-directories of 1Mb or more:
    libs   6.5Mb
``` 

* For r-hub with Fedora Linux, R-devel, clang, gfortran there was a similar NOTE:

```
* checking installed package size ... NOTE
  installed size is  5.8Mb
  sub-directories of 1Mb or more:
    libs   5.5Mb
```

This is due to the underlying C++ implementation using templates.

* There was a message about possibly mis-spelled words in DESCRIPTION:
  
  McInnes (7:42)
  Rcpp (11:73)
  UMAP (2:59)
  al (7:53, 10:38)
  et (7:50, 10:35)
  uwot (12:57)
     
These are spelled correctly.

## CRAN checks

There are no WARNINGs or ERRORs.

## Downstream dependencies

There are 8 downstream CRAN dependencies and 16 Bioconductor dependencies:

* There is no change to the number of, or type of ERRORs, WARNINGs, or NOTEs
generated by these packages with the current version of uwot, compared to the
new submission.
* None of the existing ERRORs, WARNINGs or NOTEs generated by the downstream
dependencies are related to uwot.
